{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Time series classification can be used to predict market prices by training a neural network on a dataset of historical stock prices and other financial indicators. The network would learn to recognize patterns in the data that correspond to different market conditions and trends. Once trained, the network could be used to predict future stock prices.\
\
For example, a recent study\'b9 proposed a time series relational model (TSRM) that utilizes transaction data of stocks to automatically obtain stock classification through a K-means model and derives stock relationships. The time series information, extracted using long short-term memory (LSTM), and relationship information, extracted with a graph convolutional network (GCN), are integrated to predict stock prices.\
\
Another study\'b3 used convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for financial time series prediction. The goal of the study was to predict the next day's direction of the stock market (i.e., up or down compared to today), hence it is a binary classification problem.\
\
I hope this helps!\
\
Source: Conversation with Bing, 7/2/2023\
(1) Stock Market Analysis Using Time Series Relational Models for Stock .... https://www.mdpi.com/2227-7390/11/5/1130.\
(2) Using CNN for financial time series prediction. https://machinelearningmastery.com/using-cnn-for-financial-time-series-prediction/.\
(3) What Is a Time Series and How Is It Used to Analyze Data? - Investopedia. https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/timeseries.asp.\
(4) Producer Price Index (PPI) : U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. https://www.bls.gov/ppi/overview.htm.}